JDI performance cars and coffee
early on a Sunday morning this is church
for car enthusiasts we're gonna have a
good time
he's probably got close to 50 cars here
today we're gonna take a look at those
we're also going to talk about the 2011
Dodge Challenger srt8 392 we're gonna
take a look at a couple of cars here
we've got a 70 challenger totally
modified behind this there's a really
sweet 62 Falcon and a 68 Firebird 400
one of my favorite cars well and it
makes you wonder if take a look at this
challenger behind you just turn around
why would you paint it this color that's
factory Panther pink things got a
modified 400 cubic inch 5-speed manual
you know it's it you know it's a
restaurant mod I guess work done jbjb
yeah absolutely and you know four-wheel
disc brake because I asked him I go you
know everything looks good oversized
radiator it's in strength yeah but it's
got a very small break you know master
on this thing so it can go but how well
does it stop
JP a performance you know it's a speed
shop but more so a lot of these guys
just come here to show their cars but
they can also talk to Jay about making
them go faster well and Jay bill is
known for high performance mainly in the
Ford family but he has extended he does
have a land speed record holder at a
Ford Focus wagon yeah he does mainly now
he's branched out he'll do all the brand
really gotta start in it's been here
I've got building real speed shop and
this is an organic gathering of guys
that like to get out and drive their
cars harder and harder to drive our cars
because there's so many cars on the road
yeah and every once while you you know
you'll smell a little rubber you know
guys like my parking lots of safe play
into like the tires warm tires on yep so
we do that too yeah second Sunday so
every month we've been doing for about
five months I learned about it from
other groups and other cities that do it
I love this red 68 Firebird 400 had a
buddy in high school it had a coupe gold
and had that lace paint treatment to it
oh yeah it's a convertible for a
wheelbase you know they really when it
came to the the oddity of cars that's
why the guy could hotrod around in it
then it goes away but if you had a
convertible oh my gosh the girls it was
just blocking the death of those things
dummy
whoa dude can you imagine driving to San
Francisco that's what people did teen
sixty-two fourth out you were styling it
in a falcon coupe that fender skirted I
mean I mean I mean just imagine there is
no air condition hello I mean there is a
defrost and a choke there's even a rod
for a choke do you know what a joke is
the owner of the sweet 62 works at JB a
completely redone the car and kept it
with a 6-cylinder engine he loves it he
blew the 170 that was in it put it 200
in it and it's just a great daily driver
and he's got a Mustang as well you know
and he works 66 it does nothing but
monster big one got a six-cylinder in it
it's got a child sink in front seat so
it's a great family car
2011 Dodge Challenger srt8 jumps into
the new year with more power refined
interior and finally a signature sound
that's all its own here on Mainers see
that even talking to you you're talking
to you and this challenger really has
what you want when you're out on the
freeway but it's got that hollowing this
to it you know when you get off the gas
do it about 65 70 do you notice that
that's because for the first time this
has the new 6.4 liter Hemi this is the
big a me that has fuel saver technology
first time 22 mpg on the highway so when
you lift you're gonna hear like back
pressure sound good deep gutsy sound but
that's when it's running on four
cylinders when you don't need eight
cylinders strokin but if you need to
give from point A to point B and you
don't want the person that you're
passing to know you're coming this is
the car for you this thing is wicked
fast this is the changes this year move
from that 6.1 liter v8 to the 6.4 they
470 horsepower now 20 horsepower more
than
here in 470 foot-pounds of torque and
that's a huge jump in torque and it's
down to about 4200 rpm 4250 so when you
get on the gas this thing moves like it
never moved in the past
you can brake you can spin the tires you
know so it's talking it does feel like
the muscle car I always wanted to feel I
can pass test drives of this car but but
you get on the freeway 1819 2100 yes so
you don't have a really really really
low area soundproofing right now on
certain sections of groove concrete
highway it'll beat you and then on other
sections it's fine on smooth roads this
thing feels like it's wearing slippers
slippers it's smooth okay I'll give you
that
okay what's the 392 what's all about
that well it's going back to cubic
inches kiss placement matters three
hundred three hundred ninety two cubic
inch v8 so how many liters is that
that's six six point seven
well six point say for now six point
four and so you know the transition back
to you know the car guys of old always
rated cars in cubic inches can you get
this thing in a stick shift
yes six-speed manual 5-speed automatic
and that's if it had a six-speed
automatic in it you'd get another mile
or two fuel economy and I love the way
this car downshift turning the wheels
you hit the brake you get a downshift so
you're using engine braking it's very
responsive that way but on the up shift
just rolling through the gears it's
going for that highest fuel economy
number so and you like that that that
auto transmission shifting things
AutoStick dogs on a stick you use it put
them you bump it down a gear so you keep
those rpms right there when you need it
what a chef yep buy a stick this car
starts at $42,000 more or less as tested
this one was 46 so if you're gonna spend
that kind of money you want the best
technology when you're trying to get
fuel mileage out of these vehicles you
know cylinder drop seems to be a
technology they're using it as Chrysler
picked that up
you know we noticed that when you're on
the high
and you liftoff you hear this deep
rumbling sound like engines are running
on for Silla
thanks for spending this segment with us
on mater's garage
we'll be back next time with another
up what a wild ride